feat!: deprecate useSeek composable and update documentation (#990)
Tresjs/tres: docs/api/composables.md

The `UseTexture` component needs to be wrapped in a `Suspense` component in order to work
:::

## useSeek <Badge text="deprecated" />

::: danger

> This composable is deprecated from v5.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This composable is deprecated as of version 5.0.0.
```
